good day now we will do
fish
for making fish we need two
red 9 strong 31 orange 47 black
and 70 yellow modules are starting
made take 2 modules of red and
we connect them with three modules yellow
so the next we go 4 modules yellow
so now in the middle one black
set and 4 yellow
as you noticed that it is extremely to increase
we are extremely freaked out and like one
pocket and the second pocket is empty of us
it turns out so now we put on 5
modules yellow
no here we have 5 fail 6 mod 6
yellow 2
66 yellow ones like this
the next row we make 7 modules black
and the next 8 black modules that is
Now we will put all the black modules
then 8 like this now two rows yellow
we will do one row of 9 modules 2 years 10
modules the first row comes 9 modules from
roles then we will be these 10 modules
the next 2 rows we go black
modules first row put 11 modules 2
years of 12 modules that we get
next row 2 rows next we will
lead yellow modules first row goes 13
modules 4 2 row 14 modules yellow
so the next row we add around the edges
2 yellow modules
from this edge but also here 2 1 module goes
corner in one pocket for 2 normal
usually and in the middle we put 3 yellow
module look and that here was
in the middle exactly in the middle of nki 2 yellow
module now put 4 black
modules on these 3 little ones that we
dressed
raise 4 blacks here we do it
to corner 1 and shows a pocket
the second pocket will be empty here
so now we are now
put 5 blue modules
on the edges, too, dress in this way
so that one pocket we have left
empty like this
the next 2 rows we will lead from
orange modules
dress 6 orange first row next
row 7 orange
thus 6 7 orange
so now at the edges of the fast add by
one module from this side and this one
sides here and one more module
add with the edge here it is with us
it turns tail
Now we will make fins to her to
this of our angelfish means fins
we will do this
We dress on the edge of two black
two blacks now two blue ones
our pocket is empty like this
two blue
3 rows do 2 orange also
It turns out here one pocket is empty 3
rows do 2 orange
them at the end of 1 orange set here with this
side fin ready out also do with
this side please we have a fish
angelfish ready this fish can
use as a Christmas tree toy
so that you can hold on tight
on glue